=Ancient Bracelet=
=Episode 8=
=I Know Exactly How Much You Hurt=
(That man in black shares
the same source of power as mine.)
(He even plotted
to separate me from Zhaoli.)
(It seems he knows my condition well.)
Ying Du.
So, we're back in the tribe?
I'm sorry.
I failed to protect you.
It's fine.
I'm not in pain.
I know how much you hurt
better than anyone.
Ying Du.
Hold still.
It'll sting a little.
Ying Du,
I'd been wondering
why you always arrived just in time
every time I got hurt.
Only today did I realize
that when I'm hurt,
you feel the pain too.
Is that really true?
So,
when you said you'd protect me,
it wasn't just because of the power.
You also didn't want
to get hurt yourself.
At first, that was true,
but later,
every time you faced danger,
it was always because of me.
Today, to save me,
you even nearly lost your life.
Zhaoli,
I don't want you to be hurt ever again.
Ying Du!
I'm here to save you!
Ying Du,
hang in there.
You ran all the way here like that?
Were you not afraid of losing your life?
Zhaoli,
it was too dangerous today.
From now on,
you must put yourself first.
I can handle everything else.
Since I made a pact with you,
I'm bound to help you.
Is this only because of the pact?
Not entirely.
Then...
Ying Du.
Ying Du, what's wrong with you?
Ying Du!
Do you need to use your power?
Don't get me wrong.
I only wish to heal your wounds.
♪A weary bird sways the branches♪
♪My heart feels a gentle bond♪
♪Petals fall before the courtyard♪
♪New sprouts cover the ground♪
♪I can't tell what's real or false♪
♪You lean close, speaking softly♪
♪Your gaze blooms with grace♪
Your Majesty.
Who is it?
Who?
It's me. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Luo Cheng.
I have matters to report.
He's here for you.
Go now.
Your Majesty,
I was worried. Your power had waned,
so your grave injuries from yesterday
might not heal so soon.
Yet you've recovered so well.
It seems
Zhaoli must have tended to you
with care last night.
Get to the matter.
I couldn't find anyone
who uses the same spells as you.
His power is remarkably strong.
Now, I share a spiritual link
with Zhaoli;
it's hard to say if I can match him.
Your Majesty,
that man lurking in the shadows
is far too dangerous.
(The top priority)
(is to find the man in black.)
Protect Zhaoli.
Don't let her step outside,
and above all, keep her from harm.
Yes.
I am Oracle,
well-versed in the past and present.
There's nothing I don't know.
May I ask what you seek to know?
Under what circumstances
would two people's power
share the same origin?
I have, in fact,
heard of it before.
Only the closest of blood kin,
parents or siblings,
may share the same power.
No others could ever have it.
(Siblings?)
(Why does my body suddenly burn
with restless heat?)
(Is Zhaoli...)
Zhaoli. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
You're back?
You were waiting for me?
Why did you leave alone in daylight?
You even kept me inside
and left me till late at night.
Don't leave me like that again.
I fear harm may come to you.
Zhaoli,
say that again.
From now on, do not leave
without telling me.
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪Snow falls upon my brows,
blurring suddenly♪
♪Memories turn,
forgiving time after time♪
♪Tears or snowflakes, sweet or bitter♪
♪Hard to tell them apart♪
♪Vowing to give you
three lifetimes' happiness♪
♪In this life, I still run toward you♪
♪No matter the homeward journey♪
♪Falling to the deepest place
in your heart♪
♪And that is enough♪
♪Ahead lies a path without snow or wind♪
♪Begonia blooms across the branches♪
♪One more glance
may let love stand still♪
♪One more glance may let love♪
♪Stand still♪